c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.dll.config
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.pdb
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.dll
c:\users\yusuf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.pdb
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.dll.config
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.pdb
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.dll
E:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.pdb
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.dll.config
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Mvc_Proje.pdb
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\obj\Debug\Mvc_Proje.pdb
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\TicketProje\Mvc_Proje\Mvc_Proje\bin\WebGrease.dll
